//The Machine Learning landscape
1. How would you define Machine Learning?
Machine Learning is about building systems that can learn from data.
Learning means getting better at some task, given some performance measure.

2. Can you name 4 types of problems where it shines?
Machine Learning is greate for complex problems for which we have no algorithmic solution,
            or to replace long lists of hand-tuned rules,
            as well a to build system that adapts to fluctuating environments,
            and finally to help humans learn (eg. data mining).
            
3. What is a labeled training set?
A labeled training set is a training set that contains the desired solution (label) for each instance.

4. What are the two most common supervised tasks?
Thw two most common supervised tasks are regression and classification.

5. Can you name 4 common unsupervised tasks?
Common unsupervised tasks include clustering, visualization, dimensionality reduction and association rule learning.

6. What type of Machine Learning algorithm would you use to allow a robot to walk in various unknown terrains?
Reinforcement learning is likely to perform best if we want to a robot to learn to walk
in various unknown terrains since this is typically the type of problems that reinforcement learning tackles.
It might be possible to express the problem as supervised or semi-supervised learning problem,
but it would be less natural.

7. What type of algorithm would you use to segment your customers into multiplegroups?
If you don't know how to define the groups then you can use a clustering algorithms(unsupervised learning) to
segment your customers into clusters of similar customers, However, if you know what groups you would like to have,
then you can feed many examples of each group to a classification algorithm (supervised learning) and it 
will classify all your customers into these groups.

8. Would you frame the problem of spam detection as a supervised learning problem or an unsupervised learning problem?
Spam detection is a typical supervised learning problem: the algorithsm is fed with many emails along with their lablel
(spam or not spam)

9. What is an online learning system?
An online learning system can learn incrementally, as opposed to a batch learning system.
This makes it capable of adapting rapidly to changing data, autonomous systems, 
as well as for training on very large quantities of data.

10. What is out-of-core learning?
Out-of-core algorithms can handle vast quantities of data that cannot fit in a computer's main memory.
An out-of-core learning algorithm chops the data into mini-batches and use online learning techniques to learn
from these mini-batches.

11. What type of learning algorithm relies on a similarity measure to make predictions?
An instance based learnign system learns the training data by heart then when given a new instance it uses a 
similarity measure to find the most similar learned instances and uses them to make predictions.

12. What is the difference between a model parameter and a learning algorithm’s hyperparameter?
A model has one or more model parameters that determine what it will predict given a new instance (eg. the slope of a linear model).
A learning algorithms tries to find optimal values for these parameters such that the model generalizes well to new instances.
A hyperparameter is a parameter of the learning algorithm itself, not of the model (eg. the amount of regularization to apply).

13. What do model based learning algorithms search for? What is the most common 
strategy they use to succeed? How do they make predictions?
Model based learning algorithms search for an optimal value for the model parameters such that the model will 
generalize well to new instances. Such system are usually trained by minimizing a cost function that measures how bad
the system is at making predictions on the training data, plus a penalty for model complexity if the model is regularized.
To make predictions, the new instances's features are feed into the model's prediction function, using the parameter values
found by the learning algorithms.

14. Can you name 4 of the main challenges in Machine Learning?
Some of the main challenges in Machine Learning are the lack of data, poor data quality, non-representative data,
uninformative features, excessively simple models that underfit the training data and excessively complex models
that overfit the data.

15. If your model performs great on the training data but generalizes poorly to new
instances, what is happening? Can you name 3 possible solutions?
If a model performs great on the training data but generalizes poorly to new instances, the model is likely overfitting the 
training data (or we got extremely lucky on the training data).
Possible solutions to overfitting are: get more data, simplify the model (select a simpler algorithm, or reduce the number of
parameters or features used, or regularize the model), reduce the noise in the training data.

16. What is a test set and why would you want to use it?
A test set is used to estimate the generalization error that a model will make on new instances, before launching the model
in production.

17. What is the purpose of a validation set?
A validation set is used to compare models, It makes it possible to select the best model and tune
the hyperparameters.

18. What can go wrong if you tune hyperparameters using the test set?
If you tune hyperparmeters using the test set, you risk overfitting the test set,
and the generalization error you measure will be optimistic (you may launch a model that performs worse than you expect).

19. What is cross-validation and why would you prefer it to a validation set?
Cross-validation is a techinqueu that makes it possible to compare models (for model selecion and hyperparameter tuning
without the need for a separate validation set. This saves precious training data.
